[Music]
hello it's Ruby and today for vlogmas I
have a snow day and so I thought that I
would just walk you through the things
that I did on this particular snow day
so I'm just starting off by doing some
of my snow day work which was emailed to
me and this is for Ethics I had to go
through all of the topics we'd already
done and write notes on the discussion
pages in the textbook
[Music]
then I went through my chemistry papers
that I'd recently done and I wrote up
all of the questions and answers that I
had got wrong before so that I could
make my own mini task after that my
sister and I decided to go outside and
make a snow penguin and this is just a
picture of us without little snow
penguin we actually also then went on a
two-hour walk to the local supermarket
however I didn't film anything
when I got back inside I did some more
of my chemistry papers
[Music]
next I decided to go through my Great
Gatsby notes and just go over my themes
because before they will all group
together with the go-between which is
the comparison tax that we studied last
year but this year we are comparing it
to poems and so I just went through my
notes and rewrote them so that they were
more appropriate for the course
[Music]
this ends up taking me quite a long time
as you can see it got dark before I
finished writing
[Music]
so my mum has just had a message from
the school and it is shut tomorrow as
well I really just hope so even
Wednesday because it's the last day of
school and Here I am doing even more
Great Gatsby notes it did take the
majority of my time today however I
think that it was productive and useful
[Music]
I didn't actually film anything else for
the rest of the evening here is the
gorgeous view which awaited me outside
my window when the Sun set it was just
absolutely stunning thank you for
watching and have a productive week